[10.6] Marked AbstractUser and UserRole class abstract (#14519)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

- [Document] Deprecated the `HTML-Tags` field under the `SEO & Settings` panel of Document/Page, `setMetaData()` and `getMetaData()`
- [Document] The `HTML-Tags` (document metadata) field under SEO & Settings panel is now only visible and editable by Admin users`.

> - [Thumbnails] Using Callable in Asset thumbnail transformations is deprecated and will not work on Pimcore 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Thumbnails] Using Callable in Asset thumbnail transformations is deprecated and will not work in Pimcore 11.
```

Nothing to do with your PR, but it should be "in" not "on"

> - Marked `Pimcore\Model\User\AbstractUser` and `Pimcore\Model\User\UserRole` classes via php doc as abstract. Will be native in Pimcore 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Marked `Pimcore\Model\User\AbstractUser` and `Pimcore\Model\User\UserRole` classes as abstract via php doc. It will be natively abstract in Pimcore 11.
```
